release v0.19 (#162)
boa-dev/boa-dev.github.io: blog/2024-07-09-boa-release-19.md

## Intl updates

## Builtins updates

## APIs updates

### Experimental features

## Optimizations

## Conclusion

### How can you support Boa?

Boa is an independent JavaScript engine implementing the ECMAScript specification, we rely on the
support of the community to keep it going. If you want to support us, you can do so by donating to
our [open collective]. Proceeeds here go towards this very website, the domain name, and remunerating
members of the team who have worked on the features released.

If financial contribution is not your strength, you can contribute by asking to be assigned to one of
our [open issues], and asking for mentoring if you don't know your way around the engine. Our
[contribution guide] should help you here. If you are more used to working with JavaScript or frontend
web development, we also welcome help to improve our web presence, either in [our website], or in our
[testing representation] page or benchmarks page. You can also contribute to our Criterion benchmark
comparison GitHub [action].

We are also looking to improve the documentation of the engine, both for developers of the engine

> itself and for users of the engine. Feel free to contact us in [Discord].

Reviewer: Matrix instead of Discord?

Boa is continuing to progress on the [Temporal](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal). The Temporal API is a new
set of built-in objects and functions that is designed to be a more modern replacement for the `Date`
object, providing a more feature-rich and flexible API for working with dates and times.

It is currently a [stage 3 proposal](https://tc39.es/proposal-temporal/docs/) and we are working
alongside the TC39 champions to put together a solid Rust implementation. Since Temporal is such an
extensive specification, we have done most of the work outside of Boa so that it can be used in other
projects. This work can be found in the [temporal_rs](https://github.com/boa-dev/temporal/) repository.

We hope to release a full blog post on Temporal in the future, but for now you can see the previous release notes for some examples on how to use it.
You can also look at the [Temporal Cook Book](https://tc39.es/proposal-temporal/docs/cookbook.html) for some examples too!

If you're interested in learning more or want to contribute to the native Rust implementation of
Temporal, feel free to check out `temporal_rs`'s [issues](https://github.com/boa-dev/temporal/issues)!

> Boa's conformance on the Temporal test suite has grown from 23.99% to 27.86% in this release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Boa's conformance on the Temporal test suite has grown from 19.35% to 24.61% in this release.
```

Was off a bit on these / the newest updates from last night increased conformance, and noticed I forgot to add back in the passed tests to the total :sweat_smile: 

These are based off the `main` and v0.18.0 on our conformance page.

wasn't comparable to other engines due to being so specific on how Boa works.

The new suite is taken from [V8's old benchmark suite](https://github.com/mozilla/arewefastyet/tree/master/benchmarks/v8-v7) which, despite being deprecated, is still for comparative performance.
Over time we will eventually need to work with other engines to have a more advanced benchmarking suite which can take into account modern JavaScript, but for now this is a good start.

This change also offered a nice side effect of not having benchmark or test262 data in the main repository anymore. Last time we released we had [reports](https://www.reddit.com/r/rust/comments/1b91ora/comment/ktue8rf/) of the repository being too large, so we've taken steps to reduce the size of the repository by moving this data to a separate repository and building a nightly version for reporting. Not only this makes it easier for anyone cloning Boa today but pushes to `main` are now much faster due to us not having to run test262 or Benchmarks each time.

## Migration to Matrix

> The Boa team will be migrating to Matrix from our Discord servers over the course of this year. This means we will hang out in the [`#boa:matrix.org`](https://matrix.to/#/#boa:matrix.org) room and will be available for questions and discussions there. We will also be using Matrix for other break-out rooms such as [Performance](https://matrix.to/#/!odQJQiuPFJtUBzgoXY:matrix.org?via=matrix.org&via=mozilla.org), [Intl](https://matrix.to/#/!rsWLMsIzfquQAbDoak:matrix.org?via=matrix.org) and [Temporal](https://matrix.to/#/!DeQjFAUjAPAffIsCgq:matrix.org?via=matrix.org&via=mozilla.org&via=igalia.com) We will be keeping the Discord server open for a while to allow people to migrate over, but we will eventually close it down sometime in 2025.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Boa team will be migrating to Matrix from our Discord servers over the course of this year. This means we will hang out in the [`#boa:matrix.org`](https://matrix.to/#/#boa:matrix.org) room and will be available for questions and discussions there. We will also be using Matrix for other break-out rooms on future development in areas such as [Performance](https://matrix.to/#/!odQJQiuPFJtUBzgoXY:matrix.org?via=matrix.org&via=mozilla.org), [Intl](https://matrix.to/#/!rsWLMsIzfquQAbDoak:matrix.org?via=matrix.org) and [Temporal](https://matrix.to/#/!DeQjFAUjAPAffIsCgq:matrix.org?via=matrix.org&via=mozilla.org&via=igalia.com). We will be keeping the Discord server open for a while to allow people to migrate over, but we will eventually close it down sometime in 2025.
```

> Boa has long been a user of Discord, pretty much since the beginning of the project, but as it has grown we have chosen to move closer to other communities using Matrix such as TC39 who work on JavaScript standard, our closer ties with them (when implementing Temporal plus other specs) mean working on the same platform makes sense.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Boa has long been a user of Discord, pretty much since the beginning of the project, but as the project has grown and matured, we have chosen to move more in line to other communities who use Matrix for communication, such as TC39 who work on ECMAScript standard. With Boa's increased conformance and ability to work closer with the standard committee when implementing Temporal and other new specifications meant that a migration to Matrix was the most natural choice to ease communication with the broader JavaScript implementer communities. 
```
